CSCB58 Project Report: Winter 2019

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: James
Last Name: Camano
Student Number: 1004457802
UofT E-mail Address: james.camano@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: 
Last Name:
Student Number:
UofT E-mail Address:


Project Plan
--------

Project Title: Enigma


Provide a one paragraph description of your project*:
	Project Enigma sets out to imitate both the German "Enigma" text cipher machine and its cryptographic
	counterpart - the British "Bombe" decoder machine developed during the mid-1940s.
	
	Based on its initial settings, the Enigma machine provides a non-surjective mapping for which individual
	alphabetic characters are mapped to other alphabetic characters. The same initial setting must be used
	to decrypt encoded messages from Enigma.

	The Bombe decoder recieves an encrypted string from Enigma and outputs the Enigma setting for which the message
	is decoded.
 
	Enigma consists of two components: 
		(1) A multi-stage* programmable text encryptor/decryptor device, and
		(2) A string-setting decryptor device.


	* See extra info section at bottom of document

What is your plan for the first week?


What is your plan for the second week?


What is your plan for the third week?


What is your backup plan if things don’t work out as planned?



Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>


[This is an example of a report where things didn't go so well.]
Week 1: 
	We added and tested the sensors and the main FSM. 
	The distance sensor we had intended to use didn't work as expected (wasn't precise enough at further distances, only seems to work accurately within 5-10cm), so instead we've decided to change the project to use a light sensor instead.
	Had trouble getting the FSM to work (kept getting stuck in state 101, took longer to debug than expected), so we may not be able to add the high score feature. We have updated that in the project description as an optional feature.



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.

Make sure to document what you added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>



Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public>

EXTRA INFO (may or may not add to description):
		- state changes with every input (extra complexity with developing enigma, bombe)
		- no letter is ever mapped to itself